Long live Prince of Jin
Zhu Yuanzhi
Here
You lead Beishuo Army
Prepare meals at third watch
Break camp at fifth watch
Before dawn
Cross Tianhe
Yes
Xie Xuan
Here
Seal all military news
Today's events
Must not leak at all
Otherwise
Military law will be enforced
Yes
Your Highness
We still need to cover up with Prince Ning
I'll imitate Chen Ying's handwriting
Reply to Prince Ning
Try to lull them
Good
The longer we delay, the better
Success
General Chen sent word
It's done
I congratulate Your Highness
Prepare to ascend immediately
Qingzhou Army
Let them return first
I
Will do it right away
Or
Have Qingzhou Army approach first
Everything
Wait until after ascending the throne
Right, right
Safety first
Your Highness
Who?
It's me
Liu Nian
Uncle Qiu said
Your Highness's heart must be troubled tonight
I thought
I'd come see Your Highness